README.md, before:

## 🐼 Public Repositories
Discover my world of code in this repository, featuring my personal introduction and a guide to my other public repositories.

| Repository     | Description                                                                 |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [sandbox](https://github.com/Cloud-Xero/sandbox)           | A playground for learning and experimentation 🏖️                            |
| script-odyssey | A monorepo for managing personal JavaScript projects, powered by Turborepo ⚡ |
| code-odyssey   | A monorepo for managing personal development projects in various languages 🌐 |
| [my-setting](https://github.com/Cloud-Xero/my-setting)     | A collection of my configuration files and settings ⚙️                       |
| my-template    | A compilation of reusable templates and boilerplates 📚                        |
| [Cloud-Xero](https://github.com/Cloud-Xero/Cloud-Xero)     | My personal introduction and index of all repositories 📖                    |
<br>

## 🐻 Skills
### Frontend
[![Frontend](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts,react,nextjs,astro,tailwind,html,css,vite,threejs,supabase)](https://skillicons.dev)
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bestofjs/bestofjs-webui/f2c2676e7e96c1a796109ff18534bd116eef009f/public/logos/trpc.svg" width="5%" alt="tRPC">

### Backend
[![Backend](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express,ts,nestjs,jest,webpack,prisma,postgres,go,graphql)](https://skillicons.dev)

### DevOps
[![DevOps](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gcp,githubactions,docker)](https://skillicons.dev)
<img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/374122/terraform.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="Terraform">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bestofjs/bestofjs-webui/f2c2676e7e96c1a796109ff18534bd116eef009f/public/logos/turborepo.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="Turborepo">

### Bloackchain
[![Bloackchain](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=solidity)](https://skillicons.dev)


<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=cloud-xero)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->

Commit message:

docs: add my-hacklog repository

README.md, after:

## 🐼 Public Repositories
Discover my world of code in this repository, featuring my personal introduction and a guide to my other public repositories.

| Repository     | Description                                                                 |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Cloud-Xero](https://github.com/Cloud-Xero/Cloud-Xero)     | My personal introduction and index of all repositories 📖                   |
| [sandbox](https://github.com/Cloud-Xero/sandbox)           | A playground for learning and experimentation 🏖️                            |
| my-hacklog | A blog to share and document my learnings and discoveries in the ever-evolving world of technology 🚀 |
| [my-setting](https://github.com/Cloud-Xero/my-setting)     | A collection of my configuration files and settings ⚙️                       |
| my-template    | A compilation of reusable templates and boilerplates 📚                        |
| script-odyssey | A monorepo for managing personal JavaScript projects, powered by Turborepo ⚡ |
| code-odyssey   | A monorepo for managing personal development projects in various languages 🌐 |

<br>

## 🐻 Skills
### Frontend
[![Frontend](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts,react,nextjs,astro,tailwind,html,css,vite,threejs,supabase)](https://skillicons.dev)
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bestofjs/bestofjs-webui/f2c2676e7e96c1a796109ff18534bd116eef009f/public/logos/trpc.svg" width="5%" alt="tRPC">

### Backend
[![Backend](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express,ts,nestjs,jest,webpack,prisma,postgres,go,graphql)](https://skillicons.dev)

### DevOps
[![DevOps](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gcp,githubactions,docker)](https://skillicons.dev)
<img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/374122/terraform.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="Terraform">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bestofjs/bestofjs-webui/f2c2676e7e96c1a796109ff18534bd116eef009f/public/logos/turborepo.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="Turborepo">

### Bloackchain
[![Bloackchain](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=solidity)](https://skillicons.dev)


<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=cloud-xero)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->
